AV-101710 - Documentation update all resources (#331)
couchbasecloud/terraform-provider-couchbase-capella: docs/resources/private_endpoints.md

page_title: "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints Resource - terraform-provider-couchbase-capella"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage private endpoints for a Capella cluster. Private endpoints allow you to securely connect your cloud provider's private network (VPC/VNET) to your Capella cluster without exposing traffic to the public internet.
---

# couchbase-capella_private_endpoints (Resource)

> Resource to manage private endpoints for a Capella cluster. Private endpoints allow you to securely connect your cloud provider's private network (VPC/VNET) to your Capella cluster without exposing traffic to the public internet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This resource allows you to manage private endpoints for an operational cluster. Private endpoints allow you to securely connect your Cloud Service Provider's private network (VPC/VNET) to your operational cluster without exposing traffic to the public internet.
```

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "couchbase-capella_private_endpoints" "accept_endpoint" {
  organization_id = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  project_id      = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  cluster_id      = "ffffffff-aaaa-1414-eeee-000000000000"
  endpoint_id     = "vpce-7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `cluster_id` (String) The ID of the Capella cluster to create the private endpoint for. This enables secure access to the cluster through your cloud provider's private network.
- `endpoint_id` (String) The ID of the private endpoint in your cloud provider.

> - `organization_id` (String) The ID of the Capella organization where the private endpoint will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `organization_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the organization where the private endpoint will be created.
```

> - `project_id` (String) The ID of the Capella project containing the cluster where the private endpoint will be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `project_id` (String) The GUID4 ID of the project containing the cluster where the private endpoint will be created.
```
